Hello everyone, I'm a Japanese teacher.
Yes, the video of that interview from a while ago was
really popular, so I'm back again. I'm in
Namba, Dotonbori, Osaka.
Yes, it was great, but that interview was
really fun. The previous interview.
Yes, today I'd like to interview a few different people again.
Today's topic
is what to do on your days off. What to do on your days off. I'd
like to ask what Japanese people do on their days off, what they do when they have free time, what they do on their days off. So let's get started.
First, I was able to interview this couple over here. I look forward to hearing from you. I
hope you will join us.
Are you in Osaka for sightseeing?
Yes, that's right. It's a long-distance relationship, so she's not here. It
's a long-distance relationship. Wow, that's amazing.
Where do you live now? Right now I live in Hyogo, and I
live in Fukuoka, so it's really far away. So,
how often do you meet up? Well, it was the
first time we met today, I think. Was it the first time you
met yesterday? Is that the first time? Right.
Where did you meet for the first time? We
met online and met in Osaka yesterday. That's
amazing. So,
how long have you been dating?
Is it since today?
Hmm, about two weeks, about two weeks,
so you're already very much in love now, that's right,
okay, so my question for today is,
what do you do on your days off? What do you do on your days off? A bit
of a lady-first approach, okay, it's okay, I
sleep all the time, I
sleep all the time, okay, so your days off are Saturday and Sunday,
right? Well, mostly, that's right, by the way, you're a student now,
aren't you? A student, a student, okay? I see, so other than sleeping,
what do you do? Well, I work part-time, or
go out with friends, you're
always busy, working part-time, or hanging out, that's nice, okay? So, what about you, brother? On your days off, I either sleep or play games, or we meet up, okay?
We both like to sleep, okay? Oh, are you a student now too?
Oh, I'm a student too, okay, okay, okay, so what do you want to do after you graduate? What
kind of thing would you like to do? Maybe
designing clothes, I'd like to try, I
see, so you're interested in fashion,
right? What about your sister, a hairdresser?
Aah, you're so similar, you two have
similar hobbies and interests, which is nice, isn't it?
Yes, okay, so thank you for today
Thank you very much.
Well, there aren't many Japanese people here.
Really, when I call out to people, it's always foreigners. I'd
like to call out to a variety of people.
Now, I was able to interview this guy.
Thank you very much.
Where are you from? Osaka, Osaka, Osaka. I
was born in Osaka and grew up in Osaka. I grew up in Osaka. Oh, I see, I see,
so you
're working now.
So, what do you do on your days off?
On my days off, I come to Namba in Osaka to drink, and I go for drives. I
also go to concerts, and I
go to Ayumi Hamasaki's concerts. I see, I see,
I see, I
go to Ayumi Hamasaki's concerts, and I go for drives, and I do
live streams. I
also do live streams, and I also do TikTok, and it seems like
Nepoko-chan is on TikTok too. I also do Poko-chan. So, do you
often come to Namba, Osaka to
drink? Sometimes.
Are you going out for drinks today? No, I'm going out for
drinks today and then I'm going to stream and then I'm going to do
a bit of a brat, but then someone
called out to me and I'm here. Amazing, have you had any
drinks today? What time is it now?
Drinking during the day, only during the day. It's about 2 or 3 o'clock now,
isn't it? If you drink during the day, then the evening is
easy, so I see, oh, that's right, yes, that's right, only during the
day is fun, isn't it? Only during the day sometimes, so
yes, at night, you can go to bed early at night, so you
can sleep comfortably, and at night I go to see live shows again,
so on TikTok, I see, I see, I go to see live shows, so yes, I
think drinking during the day is good, so I sometimes go, but it's
fulfilling, isn't it, when you say that, I guess it's true, yeah, that's
really good, that's good, yes, that's good,
yes, that's fun, isn't it? Enjoy your days off and
work hard, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no,
thank you for
today, is it over already, yes, it's
over, thank you, did you
want to talk more, thank you, thank you, thank you, please
do your best,
thank you, no, next, I'm going to
interview this lady over here  I was
able to do it. Thank you very much.
[Music]
Now, are you from Osaka? I'm from Osaka. I'm from Aichi. I'm from
Aichi too.
Really, really, really. Kayae, amazing. Where in
Aichi
Prefecture are you from? Tahara. Oh, Tahara, I'm from
Toyohashi, Toyokawa, Toyokawa. Yes, it's close by. Amazing, amazing, amazing. By the way,
what are you doing in Osaka now? I
went to hang out. Yes, I'm a friend. Ah, I'm love, love, love, love, a lovey-dovey otaku friend. What are you friends with? Moza. Yes, that
Korean idol. Ah, yes, yes,
yes, that friend came to see me. She came to see me. Where did you meet?
TwitterXTwitterX. Ah, it's amazing ...
So, today's question is,
what do you do on your days off? Yes, what do you do on your days off? So,
this is me.
Yes, I watch a lot of anime and manga.
Anime, anime and manga.
Oh, I see. By the way,
what anime are you into at the moment? Right now there
's an anime called MagiMagi. There's that manga and anime.
Wow, it's really interesting and fun. What kind of anime is it? Let's see. It's like
Arabian Nights. It's
like Arabian Nights. It's like, yeah, right, magic,
fantasy, magic. The main character is, yeah, the
main character is really the main character. The main character is, yeah, the main character
is,
um, the main character is ...  I see, I see, so
what
about you? My hobby is nails, so I
do them. Yes, I see, do you like doing your own nails? I
did this myself, and I made this, I had someone make it for me. Aren't they
really cute? You can see a little bit. They're
really cute, aren't they? They're really cute, aren't they? They're really cute, aren't
they? I don't do nail work at all, it's just a hobby. I see, it's not
at the level of a hobby, it's amazing, isn't it? They're really cute, aren't they? Yes, it's really cute, really cute. Yes, it's really cute, definitely ...